README.md, before:

# Daily Progress Log – BridgeLabz Training

## Overview

This repository documents the **daily progress of tasks completed during the BridgeLabz Training Program**  
**Training ID:**

The progress is recorded week-wise and day-wise, focusing on **Java fundamentals, problem-solving, and programming concepts**.  
Each section highlights the learning objectives and tasks completed on specific dates.

---

## Repository Details

- **Repository Name:** BridgeLabz-Training
- **Primary Language:** Java
- **IDE Used:** Eclipse / IntelliJ IDEA
- **Version Control:** Git & GitHub

---

## Branch Information

| Branch Name          | Purpose                                                                       |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `main`               | Contains the main README and consolidated documentation                       |
| `core-java-practice` | Contains Java practice programs, and daily assignments                        |

---

## Folder Structure

```
BridgeLabz-Training/
|
+-- core-java-practice/(Branch & Folder Name)
|   |
|   +-- gcr-codebase/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- programming-elements/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- control-flow/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- arrays/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- string/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- methods/
|   |
|   +-- leet-code-codebase/
|   |
|   +-- scenario-based/
|
+-- README.md
```

---

## Weekly Progress Log

## Week 1: Getting Started with Java and Its Basics

### 16-Dec-2025 (Tuesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice)

- Installed and configured Eclipse IDE
- Set up GitHub repository
- Solved basic Java practice problems

### 17-Dec-2025 (Wednesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/leet-code-codebase)

- Solved elementary problems from LeetCode
- Practiced Java input/output and conditionals

### 18-Dec-2025 (Thursday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/programming-elements)

- Completed Level 1 and Level 2 Programming Elements problems

### 19-Dec-2025 (Friday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/control-flow/com/controlflow)

- Studied Java history and features
- Solved elementary Java problems
- Completed Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 Control Flow problems

### 20-Dec-2025 (Saturday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/arrays/com/arrays)

- Completed Level 1, and Level 2 Array Problems

## Week 2: Continuing with Java and Its Fundamentals

### 22-Dec-2025 (Monday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/string/com/string)

- Completed Level 1 String Problems

### 23-Dec-2025 (Tuesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/string/com/string)

- Completed Level 2, and Level 3 String Problems

### 24-Dec-2025 (Wednesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/methods/com/methods)

- Completed Level 1 Java Methods

### 25-Dec-2025 (Thursday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/methods/com/methods)

- Completed Level 2, and Level 3 Java Methods

### 26-Dec-2025 (Friday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/string/com/string)

- Completed Practice Assignment String

---

## Author

**Manas Verma**  
BridgeLabz Trainee

Commit message:

Add entry for 28-Dec-2025 practice completion
Added a new entry for the completion of an extras practice problem.

README.md, after:

# Daily Progress Log – BridgeLabz Training

## Overview

This repository documents the **daily progress of tasks completed during the BridgeLabz Training Program**  
**Training ID:**

The progress is recorded week-wise and day-wise, focusing on **Java fundamentals, problem-solving, and programming concepts**.  
Each section highlights the learning objectives and tasks completed on specific dates.

---

## Repository Details

- **Repository Name:** BridgeLabz-Training
- **Primary Language:** Java
- **IDE Used:** Eclipse / IntelliJ IDEA
- **Version Control:** Git & GitHub

---

## Branch Information

| Branch Name          | Purpose                                                                       |
| -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `main`               | Contains the main README and consolidated documentation                       |
| `core-java-practice` | Contains Java practice programs, and daily assignments                        |

---

## Folder Structure

```
BridgeLabz-Training/
|
+-- core-java-practice/(Branch & Folder Name)
|   |
|   +-- gcr-codebase/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- programming-elements/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- control-flow/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- arrays/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- string/
|   |   |
|   |   +-- methods/
|   |
|   +-- leet-code-codebase/
|   |
|   +-- scenario-based/
|
+-- README.md
```

---

## Weekly Progress Log

## Week 1: Getting Started with Java and Its Basics

### 16-Dec-2025 (Tuesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice)

- Installed and configured Eclipse IDE
- Set up GitHub repository
- Solved basic Java practice problems

### 17-Dec-2025 (Wednesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/leet-code-codebase)

- Solved elementary problems from LeetCode
- Practiced Java input/output and conditionals

### 18-Dec-2025 (Thursday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/programming-elements)

- Completed Level 1 and Level 2 Programming Elements problems

### 19-Dec-2025 (Friday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/control-flow/com/controlflow)

- Studied Java history and features
- Solved elementary Java problems
- Completed Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 Control Flow problems

### 20-Dec-2025 (Saturday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/arrays/com/arrays)

- Completed Level 1, and Level 2 Array Problems

## Week 2: Continuing with Java and Its Fundamentals

### 22-Dec-2025 (Monday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/string/com/string)

- Completed Level 1 String Problems

### 23-Dec-2025 (Tuesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/string/com/string)

- Completed Level 2, and Level 3 String Problems

### 24-Dec-2025 (Wednesday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/methods/com/methods)

- Completed Level 1 Java Methods

### 25-Dec-2025 (Thursday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/methods/com/methods)

- Completed Level 2, and Level 3 Java Methods

### 26-Dec-2025 (Friday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/string/com/string)

- Completed Practice Assignment String

### 28-Dec-2025 (Friday) [Click here for reference](https://github.com/Manasverma1111/BridgeLabz-Training/tree/core-java-practice/core-java-practice/gcr-codebase/programming-elements)

- Completed EXTRAS - Built-In Function Practice Problem

---

## Author

**Manas Verma**  
BridgeLabz Trainee
